---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 11 (10/03/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
  - "http://cid-a7680953f5fdc114.users.api-df.live.net/Users(-6383842215583694572)/Blogs('A7680953F5FDC114!113')/Entries('A7680953F5FDC114!473')?authkey=NzXxYOsM*PI%24"
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!473" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <p>
      <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">I did not sleep quite well last night. The feet were cold because the sleeping bag was wet or something. I got up around 4.30AM. I am surprised at myself that I am getting up early. May be it is because I go to bed early. I saw our porters are up and working. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>These guys are amazing. They get up earlier and make us tea even before we get up. These guys carry our tents, provisions. They hike along the same path as us. The best part is that these guys pack up our camp tents and everything after we leave but reach the destination even before us and set up the tents etc. <span> </span>The unfortunate thing about these guys is that they are paid very less. It seems that for the five days that these guys are working. They get paid around 70 soles which is about $20. There is so much poverty in this country and many people looking for work that they get exploited by travel agencies. <span> </span>For the amount of money we paid for this trip and give that there these guys are doing the bulk work, I was hoping that they would get paid decent amount. <span> </span>I talked about this to both Suguna and Sandy and we decided that we will tip them well.</font></span></font> 
      
      <p>
        <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
        
        <p>
          <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Ok coming back to day 3 of hike. We had our tea ready. I have been drinking something called cocoa tea which is made of cocoa leaves. The same leaves used to make cocaine. Our campsite was amidst clouds and it was amazing to see the clouds in the morning (literally). <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>I felt that I was in the middle of clouds. I got packed up and got ready to go. Today, I decided that I will carry my backup. Porters use weighing measure to weight the load. I checked mine and it was about 20 pounds. <span> </span>Suguna and sandy decided to use porter again. I geared up and started to hike. The first part of the hike was vertical and moved up to the elevation of +400m. Hike was hard with the pack on. I even doubted for a second whether it was a good idea to hike with my pack on. If at all one thing that I learned, hiking is about physical strength and mental stamina. I kept telling myself that I can do it and kept going. </font></span></font> 
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
            
            <p>
              <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">The first stop we made was at an archeological site. This site was used by messengers who carry messages for king to rest on their way. The second part of the hike was again elevation to another 400m. </span></font><font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">My experience in the first part of hike helped me with confidence. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>Second part was to another Inca site. This is sun god’s temple. It was amazing to how Inca’s have built these temples at such mountains. </font></span></font><font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">The cool thing that I saw at this place is that Inca’s have built a plumbing system for moving water from waterfall to these different structures. The third part of hike was us moving from one mountain to another through a pass. This hike wasn’t that hard. We finally reached our stop lunch. Lunch was at the top of the mountain with view. These kinds of lunches are pretty good. Peruvian meal always starts with a soup, a main course, tea or coffee. We have different kind of soup everyday. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>After lunch, we had to hike up few hundred meter but the view during these hikes were just amazing.</font></span></font> 
              
              <p>
                <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
                
                <p>
                  <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">At one point, we crossed a cave (natural) and that was pretty cool. We reached the highest point almost 30 minutes later than estimated travel time. Our guide said that we have to speed up because it’s getting darker with clouds. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>Finally, we started hiking down. While 15 minutes into down hike, it started to rain. We didn’t stop. We just kept going. We could hear thunders and lighting. Seeing lighting up in the mountains was little bit scary because of close proximity to it. <span> </span>During the hike, we met people from other groups too who start at the same time and walk through the same trail. You end up meeting them a lot in the trail. Even though I don’t know their names, I formed unspoken friendship with many of these people. We were basically hiking down on rock steps and it was very hard on knees and it was getting darker. <span> </span>Even though, we were late by 30 minutes, coming down we were ahead of time because of rain and darkness. We finally reached the campsite. This campsite had a hot shower nearby so I went had a nice shower. As usual we had our dinner and went to bed early.</font></span></font> 
                  
                  <p>
                    <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
                    
                    <p>
                      <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
                    </p></div> </div>
