---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 17 (10/09/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
permalink: /?p=36
spaces_762d1f2bbe2fd194be5c1748fd5df03d_permalink:
  - "http://cid-a7680953f5fdc114.users.api-df.live.net/Users(-6383842215583694572)/Blogs('A7680953F5FDC114!113')/Entries('A7680953F5FDC114!479')?authkey=NzXxYOsM*PI%24"
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!479" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <p>
      <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Today, we had booked a tour to see Isla Ballista (Island of Ballista). At 7.30 AM, the bus picked us up from the hostel. The bus took us to a Port Paracas. From here, we boarded a boat to the Island of Ballista. It was fun ride in the boat in Pacific Ocean. Isla Ballista is a habitat for sea lion, variety of birds, dolphins etc. We had an up-close and personal view of these animals. It felt like watching discovery channel live. Ride back from the Island was fun too and it was speed thrill. We had lunch at the beach restaurant. </span></font> 
      
      <p>
        <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
        
        <p>
          <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Next, we took bus to Paracas national park. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>This is a coastal / land area that is reserved by Peru government to preserver ecology. We got to see the driest land on earth. <span> </span>We finally got dropped off at a beach in Paracas. I took a nice long walk along the beach, slept in the sand for some time, and generally lazed around. At 3, tour bus took us back to Pisco. <span> </span>We took an auto to come to bus station. I was writing this journal waiting to board the bus to Lima. <span> </span>The bus from Pisco to Lima was very good. <span> </span>The bus was completely air-conditioned. <span> </span>Lima is drastically different from rest of Peru. <span> </span>Lima is very big city and has nice roads and building like that of any other city in the world. <span> </span>During the ride in the bus, we met with Marcela and her friend who live in Lima. <span> </span>They heard about our travel. They suggested us that we stay in Mira Flores which is a nice area in Lima. They even offered to help us find a hotel in the area as they both lived in Mira Flores. <span> </span>We got a taxi along with them to Mira Flores. <span> </span>Marcela helped us find hotel near her place. We met with her son Alex who offered to drive us around Lima. <span> </span>He said that night view of Lima is good. We went to hotel freshened up ourselves and came back to Marcela’s house. Marcela, Alex, Marcela’s daughter, Suguna and I hopped onto Alex’s Audi and went for a drive. <span> </span>First, he took us to a lookout point from where we could see the Pacific Ocean and the entire Lima city lit up. Then, he took us to a mall on the ocean front. This mall is basically built on the mountain rock overlooking the ocean. Next, we went to a mountain on top which was a lit cross. This is a big landmark for Lima. <span> </span>They told us that the cross is visible from the sky when you fly over Lima. <span> </span>Need to check that out when I fly out of Lima. We then went to downtown Lima. He took us on an expressway called Paseo de le Replublica (locally called el zanjo, the ditch because it is sunken below ground level). <span> </span>We went to the plaza de armas (BTW, the main square in all cities are called plaza de armas. It’s Spanish influence). Plaza de Aramas square houses the President’s place, Cathedral and Government offices. When we went in the night, the presidential palace was completely lit up and it was nice to see. Then we drove to old Lima train station. <span> </span>On the way back, we saw the older university in South America as well as Supreme Court of Peru etc. <span> </span>Overall, it was fun ride.</font></span></font> 
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
          </p></div> </div>