---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 16 (10/08/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
permalink: /?p=37
spaces_762d1f2bbe2fd194be5c1748fd5df03d_permalink:
  - "http://cid-a7680953f5fdc114.users.api-df.live.net/Users(-6383842215583694572)/Blogs('A7680953F5FDC114!113')/Entries('A7680953F5FDC114!478')?authkey=NzXxYOsM*PI%24"
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!478" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <p>
      <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Sleeping in a running bus is not that much fun. Anyways, I got up around 5 AM. Bus reached Nazca around 6AM. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>The people from the Nazca lines tour were there to pick us up. We went to airport office. We took our flight to see nazca lines around 7.15AM. <span> </span>Nazca lines are glyphs done in desert and it has remained unchanged for many years due to the way weather and air patterns work here. Plane ride was little bit unsettling though. After the plan ride, we got dropped at the bus station. <span> </span>Our bus to Pisco was only at 10.30AM. We got tickets and went to a hotel nearby to eat breakfast. I had American breakfast. It was good to get some food after starving in the night. <span> </span>I came back to the bus station and wrote my journal while listening to music. Bus ride to Pisco was ok. The whole ride was in the middle of desert. Bus went through ICA which seemed like a nice big city before we got dropped at Pisco. <span> </span>We took a taxi to the hostel which looked like a home in India. I took nice shower and got ready to go to dinner. We took an auto (BTW auto’s here in Peru is made by BAJAJ) to the San Andes area. <span> </span>Basically this is a beach area but mostly populated by fishermen. <span> </span>I took a nice long walk and watched sunset over Pacific Ocean. I am so used to seeing Sunrise in beach at Chennai. It was different experience to see Sunset in beach. We had hoped to have dinner after walk but when we came back the restaurant were all closed. Anyways, we knocked the door of restaurant, a family run place. They allowed us and agreed to provide us food. <span> </span>We were the only ones in the whole restaurant. They cooked fresh food for us. They were pretty amused to see brown skinned people in their neighborhood relishing their food.<span>  </span>It was very nice of them to provide us food. </font></span></font> 
      
      <p>
        <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
        
        <p>
          <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
          </p></div> </div>