---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 15 (10/07/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
permalink: /?p=38
spaces_762d1f2bbe2fd194be5c1748fd5df03d_permalink:
  - "http://cid-a7680953f5fdc114.users.api-df.live.net/Users(-6383842215583694572)/Blogs('A7680953F5FDC114!113')/Entries('A7680953F5FDC114!477')?authkey=NzXxYOsM*PI%24"
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!477" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <p>
      <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Today, I packed my stuff to check out of the hostel. Suguna was having trouble with her bag. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>She was carrying her snowboard in her bag along with other things. We tried to close the bag and her bag zipper came off. We had to use some complicated zip locking techniques to get her bag closed. Suguna decided not to come for horse back riding so I decided to go alone. <span> </span>I went to tourist office by 10 AM. People who operate the horse ride picked me up from the tourist office. They took me to a farm where the horses are located. <span> </span>This is the first time I am doing horse back riding. It was a completely new experience for me</font></span></font> 
      
      <p>
        <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">I was also feeling bad for the horse as it had to carry me up the hill. The tour was about 3 hrs and it took to various Inca ruins around Cusco. More than watching ruins, I had fun riding the horse. During horse back ride, I met Nelly a local Peruvian girl from Lima. She spoke English and was helping me to understand history behind the ruins. I assume that she was eager to share her country’s history with a tourist. After tour, I went and had a nice lunch at the Chinese restaurant at the main square. I had pretty relaxed lunch watching the people and cars in the main square. I went to hostel to relax a bit before taking out bus to Nazca. At 3.30, we took taxi to go to the bus station. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>At bus station, we met three people form Ireland. <span> </span>The have been traveling around the world for 16 months or so. It’s amazing to see people travel for such a long period of time. <span> </span><span> </span>I was I could take time off and travel around the world this. <span> </span>Bus ride was ok. <span> </span>They served dinner with beef so didn’t eat dinner at all. I just listened to music for almost 4 hrs before going to sleep</font></span></font> 
        
        <p>
          <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
        </p></div> </div>