---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 4 (9/26/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
  - "http://cid-a7680953f5fdc114.users.api-df.live.net/Users(-6383842215583694572)/Blogs('A7680953F5FDC114!113')/Entries('A7680953F5FDC114!466')?authkey=NzXxYOsM*PI%24"
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!466" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <h4 style="margin-bottom:0;">
      Chile & Peru Trip &#8211; Day 4 (9/26/2005)
    </h4>
    
    <div>
      <div>
        <p>
          <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS', sans-serif;color:navy;font-size:10pt;">After a day of hike, I was tired so I slept in late and got up around 8.30. The first part of excursion is to drive around the park and then start the trail. We got a van for ourselves with our own driver and a guide which was nice. We drove around the park, stopping and taking picture at various points. The drive was fun. We saw Vanyaco (like Llamas) all over the park. After about 2 hrs of drive we came to the beginning of the trail. This trail is pretty much flat for most part with little ups and downs here and there. The trail went through many different types of vegetation with many views. Our guide, Eduardo, was very knowledgeable and explained about various trees, parasites in the tree, different lakes and mountains. We took lunch break at a vista point which was breath taking, Lake at bottom, surrounded by mountains. The last part of hike was up in a mountain. We had to hike up for about 20 minutes to reach the top. The view from here was breathtaking too. While we were there, we saw condors flying. Our guide waved his hands to get their attention. Condors are amazing. The have a wing to wing width of 3.2 meters and their flight is pretty strong. As we were on the top of mountain, we were able to see it very closely, which was pretty cool. Hike down the mountain was little bit scary as it was pretty straight down. After the hike, we were picked up by the van again and got dropped at Hosteria Lago Grey. Hospitality is pretty good in Chile. They take care of baggage everywhere you go. We got a room with a view of glacier. Summer season in Chile start officially only October 13th so the hotel was not that crowded. Took a nice shower and went to bed early with hope of getting up early and going for a hike</span></font> </div> </div> </div> </div>
