---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 3 (9/25/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
  - "http://cid-a7680953f5fdc114.users.api-df.live.net/Users(-6383842215583694572)/Blogs('A7680953F5FDC114!113')/Entries('A7680953F5FDC114!465')?authkey=NzXxYOsM*PI%24"
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!465" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <span> </p> 
    
    <div>
      <div>
        April 03
      </div>
      
      <h4 style="margin-bottom:0;">
        Chile & Peru Trip &#8211; Day 3 (9/25/2005)
      </h4>
      
      <div>
        <div>
          <font size="2" face="Arial"></p> 
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Two days of travel makes anyone tired. I had a good sleep.<span>  </span>I got up early to get some breakfast before our bus ride to the park arrived.<span>  </span>As I mentioed earlier, the place we stayed is a house with rooms. Our breakfast was served in what appeared to be the living room of the house.<span>  </span>When we reached the breakfast place, people had <span> </span>been eating.<span>  </span>We met a couple from UK who were travelling around South America for 6 months. The guy is a pharmacist and his girlfriend a teacher. They quit their job for their travel. It takes a lot to throw your life and live like a nomad. I was amazed to hear about their travelling stories.<span>  </span>In our neighboring table, we met a person from Israel and a woman from London.<span>  </span>All of them were heading towards the park.</span></font>
          </p>
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
          </p>
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">For our trip to the park, we had booked a bus, which arrived at 8 AM.<span>  </span>Even though they call this a bus, it was a mini van with a trailer. People we met in the hotel were also going to the park. The ride to the park was scenic. However, the paved roads made the ride very bumpy. The park is vast and huge. It is about 242000 acres of land. The bus dropped us at Laguna Marga, which is one of the entry points to park. The van from our hotel Hosteria Las torees was waiting there. We transferred into this van. The ride to the hotel was fun. The van went over a very narrow bridge, just enough only for the van to go. The hotel was very nice and the view from the hotel was great. We checked in to the hotel and talked to the tourist guide about the hike to Torres Del Paine. It was around 11, and he said it takes about 4 hours one way to do the hike. <span> </span>We started on the hike in 20 minutes. I had not been working out regularly and there I was on a 4 hr one-way hike. The hike was very hard on me. I struggled a lot to do the hike. I told myself to keep going. The good part of this hike was that the views from the trails were just amazing. It took us almost 2hrs to reach the top of the mountain. The hike went up a montain, went down to valley on the other side of mountain, and then went up again in another mountain through woods and went up in rocks to the top and you see the Torres Del Paine. </span></font>
          </p>
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
          </p>
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">On our way, we ran into the woman from London and she was sitting on the rock crying. We went to her and asked her what is going on. She said that she was walking on the trail and one part of trail was on a cliff and mud had slid on the trail and it has covered up the trail. When she was trying to cross, the mud slid, the wind was blowing at high speed at the mountain, and that terrified her to death. We calmed her down and said that she can come with us on the hike. This whole thing freaked Suguna and me out. When we went to that part of the trail, we were more frightened because it was a very scary path. The path was very narrow on a steep slope. <span> </span>What made things worse was the wind. We walked slowly and crossed that part. We took a lunch break at a refugio, which was situated on the bank of a river with mountains surrounding. As we were going on the trail, it was getting cloudy and the wind was blowing stronger.Our guide had told us to start the return by 3.30 so that we can be back before it got dark. By the time, we reached the bottom of the rock it was three o’ clock. We could see Torres, but it was barely visible. We decided that it is prudent to turn back before it got dark. On the way back, Suguna was walking so fast to go past the danger point before it got dark. She was totally feeling restless. I was barely able to keep up with her. <span> </span>When we reached the top, the wind was blowing so strong that my wind jacket was filled up with air. I looked like a baloon. We had dug under a rock for the wind to subsidize. We waited for almost 10 minutes before the wind was calm and for us to cross. I wanted to take a picture of that dangerous turn, however, Suguna was freaking out that I gave up and went. The rest of the hike was mostly down hill and so it was relaxing and fun. In and all, I had hiked for seven hours. I was tired and my legs were sore but the feeling of accomplishment at the end of it was very satisfying. <span> </span>I took a nice hot shower. <span> </span>We had dinner at the hotel. We talked to the hotel guide. He gave us multiple options for hike. We decided that we would take guided excursion through another trail and transfer to Hosteria Grey</span></font></font></div> </div> </div> 
            
            <p>
              </span></div> </div>
