---
title: 'Chile &#038; Peru Trip &#8211; Day 12 (10/04/2005)'
author: arul
layout: post
categories:
  - Personal
---
<div id="msgcns!A7680953F5FDC114!474" class="bvMsg">
  <div>
    <p>
      <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Today is big day of our hike. We had to get up really early at 3.30 AM so that we can get to control point early and it was 1.5 hrs hike to Sun gate. I got up around 3.30 and was anxious to start early so that I can see the sun arise over Machu Pichu. We got ready around 4.00 AM and started to hike to control point. The control point doesn’t open until 5.30 AM. We were first in line at control point. I was getting anxious as the hike to the Sun gate is about 1.5 hrs and sunrise is around 6.20 or so. Once the gate opened, I started to walk fast. Having a 20 pound pack on your back doesn’t help you much. Not only was that the hike was up and down. I don’t know how I managed but I was totally out of breath and still kept going gasping for air. The killer during the hike was a 30 steps incline in the hike. I finally heard some flute music. It was a guy sitting close to sun gate and playing. I felt good that I was close but it was still steep. I pushed myself and reached the top of steps. At this point, I was totally soaked in my sweat. </span></font> 
      
      <p>
        <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
        
        <p>
          <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">Reaching to the top, I got the first glimpse of Machu Pichu. It was a wonderful sight. We waited there for few minutes to see the sun rise and lights fall on Machu Pichu. It was tricky. Sun would come out and then clouds would cover it. Finally, the Sun was completely out and sun ray’s completely filled the Machu Pichu. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>After seeing sunrise, we hiked down to the Machu Pichu. I took many pictures of Machu Pichu along the way. The gate for public doesn’t open until 10 and because hikes come from top we get to see Machu Pichu without tourist crowd. We walked around Machu Pichu and our guide was exploring various things about Machu Pichu. The thing about Machu Pichu is that no one really know the fully history. We had a 2hr tour of the site visiting various places etc. After that, we ate lunch at the Machu Pichu restaurant. It was buffet style and I ate a lot. <span> </span>We took a bus ride to the city of Agua Calentenes and checked into hotel. Sandy, Suguna and I were just chatting. </font></span></font> 
          
          <p>
            <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font> 
            
            <p>
              <font color="navy" size="2"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;">At around 7, we got ready and went down to lobby to meet with our guide. We walked in the city and met with our Brazilian friends. We chatted for a while and filled up feedback for Sylvia on what we thought of the trip. Later, Sandy and I went and had dinner at Inca grill. The ambience of the restaurant was very good but the food was ok. Chef is a talented sculptor too. He had sculpted a carrot into a fish. I got to bed around 9.30 pm. <font face="Trebuchet MS"><span> </span>I slept well even though there were mosquitoes that were biting.<span>  </span>It was funny that I had good sleep in tent but wasn’t able to sleep well in a nice bed. That is life.</font></span></font> 
              
              <p>
                <font color="navy" size="2" face="Trebuchet MS"><span style="font-family:'Trebuchet MS';color:navy;font-size:10pt;"> </span></font>
              </p></div> </div>
